=head1 NAME

Acme::PM::Dresden::Convert::VQWiki2TWiki - Convert VQWiki syntax into TWiki syntax.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use Acme::PM::Dresden::Convert::VQWiki2TWiki;
 my $convert = new Acme::PM::Dresden::Convert::VQWiki2TWiki (vqwiki => $text);
 print $convert->twiki;

 # or
 my $convert = new Acme::PM::Dresden::Convert::VQWiki2TWiki;
 $convert->vqwiki ($text);
 print $convert->twiki;

 # or
 my $convert = new Acme::PM::Dresden::Convert::VQWiki2TWiki;
 print $convert->vqwiki2twiki ($text);

=head1 ABOUT

With this class you can convert raw VQWiki syntax into raw TWiki
syntax.

See L<http://veryquickwiki.croninsolutions.com/> for more information
about VQWiki.

See L<http://twiki.org/> for more information about TWiki.

It's just within the Acme namespace because it developed within
Acme::PM::Dresden::*. It is by all means meant to be a useful module.

See the example scripts in eg/ for more complex usage.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 init

Calls some functions you can overload in derived classes to execute
code before and after Class::MethodMaker's C<hash_init> (C<pre_init>
and C<post_init>, respectively).

=head2 pre_init

Called before Class::MethodMaker's C<hash_init>. Overload this in
derived classes, e.g., to set default values.

=head2 post_init

Called after Class::MethodMaker's C<hash_init>. Overload this in
derived classes, e.g., to enforce values.

=head2 twiki

Returns the TWiki text that results from converting the text given
with C<vqwiki>.

=head2 vqwiki2twiki ($vqwikitext)

Convert a given VQWiki text into TWiki text.

=head1 DESCRIPTION OF VQWIKI SYNTAX

Cut'n'pasted from a vqwiki page:

=head2 Italic

Double apostrophes (not double quotes).

 For example: ''Text''

=head2 Bold

Triple Apostrophes.
For example:

 '''Text'''


=head2 Bold Italic

Triple + Double Apostrophes (5 apostrophes each side).
For example:

 '''''Text'''''

=head2 Code

Three braces each side.
For example:

 {{{Text}}}

=head2 Underline

Triple equal sign.
For example:

 ===Text===

=head2 Center

Double colons.
For example:

 ::Text::

=head2 Headlines

Very important text / Headline level 1.
Start with three exclamation marks !!!; end with !!! or line break.

Important text / Headline level 2.
Start with two exclamation marks !!; end with !! or line break.

Noticeable text / Headline level 3.
Start with one exclamation mark !; end with ! or line break.

=head2 Lists

Bulleted List.

 3 spaces followed by a *

Numbered List.

 3 spaces followed by a #

Line Break.

 @@

=head2 Horizontal Rules

Use four consecutive dashes, i.e.

 ----

=head2 Links or references

Camel-cased word

 ThisIsANewTopic

Word surrounded by back-ticks

 `Topic`

=head2 Tables

Start a table with four hashes by themselves.
End each cell (including the last one on each row) with two hashes.
End the table with four hashes by themselves again.

  ####
  0,0##0,1##
  1,0##1,1##
  ####

=head2 Preformatted text

Start a section of pre-formatted text with four '@'s by themselves.
End with a blank line.

  Some text
  @@@@
  Preformatted text
  
  Back to normal text

=head2 Plain HTML (output as entered)

Surround code as follows:

 [<html>] <!--some html--> [</html>]

=head2 Java source code

Surround code as follows:

 [<java>] mycode(); [</java>]

=head1 AUTHOR

Steffen Schwigon <schwigon@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

 Copyright (c) 2005. Steffen Schwigon
 All rights reserved. You can redistribute and/or modify
 this bundle under the same terms as Perl itself.
